you know I noticed a bunch of
storm petrels picking on the
surface and then the bigger bird
called shearwaters and i noticed
a couple of them are actually
diving so that means that
there's some bait up near the
surface any minute get ready
we're here at Tiffany's and I
just saw Marciano catch one
right next to it coming here
cost us time and fuel and in the
second last week of the season
I can't afford to go home empty
double baby gotta really get
this thing going down now drive
he's going keep reeling keep
reeling back and forth back and
forth probably 5050 right here
no joke ok
for real
going
dominar calling up come on go
get it
god I miss them stay focused
here we'll get it
that's not good
now all you know
oh my god
got a nice hard cock everybody
going to tell ya got him
got it got it is the big dick
man a nice tuna that they're
doing kittens a great fit this
week started out rough but we
turned it around and caught a
great fish nice piece I yeah
it's got a good shape tool i
won't say 420 let's check it out
while you do this for a living
huh
420 pounds dressed this is bad
for my best fish all season dude
what are you thinking getting
four pound on this one
oh I'd say twenty dollars
thank you that's often take that
all day
this is the best greater fish
I've had all season and late in
the year it's coming at the
perfect time
there's only one week left that
puts me in perfect position to
catch up to Marcy on emulator